Welcome back all.
So now we're going to go ahead and examine the app component got HD M-L file and see what we have done
there.
Now to begin with the very first thing that you're going to immediately encounter is the Aside from
your accounts you will see this part here deceptive where it says you don't have any accounts yet.
Please add it or please add them.
Now why do we have this line.
This is basically going to this will be written out onto the screen if there are no accounts in existence.
How do we check whether we have accounts in existence or not.
Well if the length if the size of the array if the length of the array if the number of elements in
the array is equal to zero then the account has then the accounts array has no relevance whatsoever
and therefore we're using this if so if the length of the array is equal to zero meaning if it has no
elements well then there are no accounts so then it stands to reason that we should write you do not
have any accounts.
Please add them or at it that I don't really care.
This particular variable here is the private one for private account.
Yep there we go.
So private underline accounts.
It's an array.
And its elements are of type account from the model that we have created previously.
So we have the first account and then you have the second account.
The two of these are created in two different ways.
This has been explained in previous tutorials.
One more thing to note.
You can immediately see by this underline by the naming convention which I have mentioned before that
the private variables shall be named with an underline in front of the name of the variable or the name
of the property.
I can immediately look at the email template and immediately know that account is actually private but
just looking at the naming convention of the underscore Now you might wonder yourselves well Erman this
is never going to happen.
You have initialized two accounts straight away.
So you've explained before.
Well yes but it's always a good practice to insure yourselves.
I mean think of all the cases that can happen and create some sort of logic for each one of those cases.
So that you would have a failsafe.
Yes we have initialized to accounts but you forget the fact that we can delete all the accounts if we
delete all the accounts and if there are no accounts in existence this will be printed out onto the
screen.
Now we would like these accounts to be print the contents of these accounts to be printed out onto the
screen to be displayed on the screen.
Should I say.
So we're going to use the energy for loop from the previous tutorials which we have seen so we will
have I don't know some arbitrary name for this so it will be A.S.C. as an accounts and then every every
every value of under square accounts private or private property will be placed into the A.S.C. and
through A.S.C. we will access the individual property individual properties.
So that would be very easy to do like that.
So as you see that title will grab the title from the celebrant So title shall be grabbed and therefore
it will have the value of bank X Y set.
And then we would also like to have the ID as well printed out along with the account.
So hey ID Let's get scrapped the idea as well and print it out and have it displayed for us on the screen.
Now also we would like some sort of a description so yes please.
We will take the description.
Notice that the description has been placed into a in paragraph tax because it is a description after
all.
So balance shall be placed in paragraph tags as well.
And we have placed strong here.
Does anybody know what strong means.
An HMO like this well it just means that these whatever is printed out here in between the tags will
be bald they'll be bold letters.
So A.S.C. dot balance that's how we're accessing that.
And then down below we have button click and on click call method remove account.
That was my phone in the background.
If you didn't notice but you have a button and says On Click call this method remove account and pass
the index past the index value of that account which is basically the ID as what which has the same
value as the ID.
And if we take a look at the component Yes you will see that we do indeed have a method remove account
which takes in a number and then it says the stock accounts that it uses the splice so it removes the
current.
It removes the current instance of that account depending on the index number that is passed.
Now if we go down further away from the for loop so this is the for loop between these div tags.
This will be the portion of the for loop.
Now if we go down a little bit further we will see that we're doing something rather strange.
So this this and this these are two pretty much same codes for different input fields.
Now you have a label and then it says four equals title and then title colon lay a clothes label tag
and then import an ID is equal to title as well.
So in part you know the you know specify the type and then you specify the name.
And if you'd like to give some value as well and this part here is actually a reference to the DML element
input but I will get to that for now.
I wish to explain why are we using this label and this for.
Let me just go ahead and open up the site and if I scroll down you will see it says Feitel here.
Now this is in direct reference to titled Here you just find it there we go ups
let's go ahead and Lycinus of them.
But so that you can see what's going on.
OK.
So you have this thing.
And this is directly responsible for this part here for the simple field and the letters and the word
title and colon.
Now the reason why we have this four and we're passing to this for the ID title which is which title
is within the label.
Well that's because when we click on Title see when we click the cursor switches to that input field.
If I click on description the cursor switches to that input field if I click on balancing the cursor
switch to that switches to that input field so we can also click on the fields in the fields themselves
directly.
But we can also click on the words next to the fields.
Thanks to this label.
So you just type in four equals and you give the ID to each DML element and then you pass that ID to
the label.
Simple as that.
No big deal.
And then you can write something here.
In our case it's title colon necessary but it's a very nice convenient thing to have around.
Expand this five go down to the bottom so the same logic applies here the same logic applies here.
And here you have a different logic.
This is basically click to create an account so this here is at.
This entire idea of or should I say this method is entirely dependent on these references to DML elements
because if you remember from before the create a count actually takes on a DML elements as its parameters.
So we are creating a reference to DS h HDMI elements to the input to the input to the input fields and
then we are passing those HMO element references to the Create count function method.
Keep it keep confusing within a function.
They are pretty much the same thing.
Just different naming conventions.
And if I just find a create.
OK so it says private and then create a count method here.
It's a title this year that says any just means any HD M-L element.
We were too lazy to specify the section they specify which HVM element elements so we've typed in any
title else their skill and Boutwell.
So Teitelbaum description and balance and we've basically stated that it's NEHTA and NEHTA about it.
And again any because we were too lazy to actually specify which ones do we actually want.
Anyway those three elements are passed here and I have explained this function in the previous tutorials
when we were working on app component TS but the general reasoning behind passing the HD elements as
opposed to their values which you can see down below as titleholder value is because we want to reset
the fields upon input.
We want to reset the fields balance should be basically just 0 and these values these two strings shall
be reset to nothing.
They will be empty.
So upon the creation of our account reset all input fields and make them empty again except balance.
Set that to zero.
For some strange reason that was the decision that was made.
Anyway it says this start a count start push OK so we would like to create a new account.
Does all of this has been explained.
If you didn't understand it to the best of your abilities please go back Tauriel or post the question
in the discussion section.
Anyway we're pooling the values from the from the DML fields with within within the function parameters
themselves.
It's title Eldard value this Eldard value and bowel Eldard value.
Anyway we go back here.
So on click.
Please create a new account with input provided.
And of course this the name within this button shall be.
Create
OK.
So those who are real here and then the follow up will just see how this actually works and how this
reacts based upon our clicking and input.
And what are some of the possible scenarios that are going to happen in just five minutes and then we're
going to move on to styles.